---
title:  "Dreams!"
subtitle: "Who wants some dreams!"
author: "Sujan Basu"
avatar: "./suzpropric.jpg"
image: "./vladstudio_tree_of_lights_gold_1280x800_signed.jpg"
date:   2016-10-04 12:12:12
---


Dreams are weird, everyone knows that. But also at the same time it is very exciting, scary, fun, troublesome, etc. Every persons has their own experience about having dreams. And they are all very much different from one another. In some societies and religions specific dreams have some kind of meaning and influence on their lives. It’s all very much natural process, and nobody have controls of their own dreams. Even till this day scientist still haven’t figure out the real truth about why people dream or understand the phenomenon of dream. Also like all other people I also dream and I find it very fun and interesting sometimes it feels so much realistic and that’s what I love about dreams. 
The real reason behind why people dream is still a mystery but what most people tend to believe is that while sleeping  our human body relaxes and our subconscious digs deep into our imagination and we get the sensation of visualization, which we call dream. Since dreams are our own imagination, we have no control over it and also literally anything is possible in dreams. Dreams are very much unique from person to person. But for the same person they may not be unique. Many people have often complaints about having recurring dreams, i.e. having same dream over and over, but I haven’t experience any kind of recurring dreams. From what I know, most of the recurring dreams are mainly about being chased, or something like that and what most people believe is that the dreams are trying to give them some message. And basically most of them think that it’s happening due to the stress and troubles they are having in their lives.  When people try to accomplish certain goals and if their desire is strong we can dream about the goals being accomplished. And similarly sometimes we worry about thing too much and we get very much afraid then also we get dreams about such wrong happenings. From such dreams we take the message that we should try harder. I also had the same kinds of dreams. A few years back, when I first learned to ride motorbike and was practicing to pass the driving test I was very afraid that I might fail, so in my dreams sometimes I saw about it being accomplished and also dreamt about failing the test. Then sue to the same fear I got from my dream I tried harder in reality, and in time I managed to pass the test. 
Dreaming is very much normal but after every dreams we still have no clue about hoe our dreams are end. It is said that “within 5 minutes of waking about half the dream is forgotten and after about 10 minutes almost 90% of dreams are forgotten. Unless you are awakened suddenly or rapidly, then it is likely to remember the dream more vividly. Sometimes when we are almost to wake up we feel some things happening in the real life are incorporated in our dreams. Like when we hear the alarm clock in reality, same alarm like sound in incorporated in our dreams. It has also happened with me many times like when somebody calls me, or feel thirst or sometimes even fall from bed, we get the same visions in our dreams. 
Whatever may the reason behind dreaming may be or no matter what kind of dreams we have it is still one of the most exciting and amazing thing happening in our life. We never stop dreaming. For me, I feel more alive in dreams I can achieve the things which is impossible in reality. It has been a way of fulfilling needs. No matter what you should never let go of your dreams because they were given to you for a reason. 

